Making docs better (#29623)
akka/akka: akka-docs/src/main/paradox/stream/operators/ActorSource/actorRefWithBackpressure.md

## Description

Materialize an @java[`ActorRef<T>`]@scala[`ActorRef[T]`], sending messages to it will emit them on the stream. The actor responds with the provided ack message

> once the element could be emitted allowing for the backpressure from the source. Sending another message before the previous one has been acknowledged will fail the stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
once the element could be emitted allowing for backpressure from the source. Sending another message before the previous one has been acknowledged will fail the stream.
```

## Example

> With `actorRefWithBackpressure` two actors get into play: one which feeds the stream and is materialized when the stream runs, and one which is provided by us which gets the ack signal when an element is emitted into the stream.

Reviewer 2: Maybe fewer `which`s and even a numbered list could be helpful:

```suggestion
With `actorRefWithBackpressure` two actors get into play: 

1. An actor that is materialized when the stream runs. It feeds the stream.
2. An actor provided by the user. It gets the ack signal when an element is emitted into the stream.
```

In the list I also reordered the sentences to the "who provides the actor. What does the actor do" format.

Author: This one is good. I'll do this.

## Example

With `actorRefWithBackpressure` two actors get into play: 

> 1. An actor that is materialized when the stream runs. It feeds the stream.

Reviewer 3: I think there must be an empty line before the list

Author: Done

@@@div { .callout }

> **emits** when there is demand, and a message is sent to the materialized @scala[`ActorRef[T]`]@java[`ActorRef<T>`]

Reviewer: I think we can improve this further:
```suggestion
**emits** when a message is sent to the materialized @scala[`ActorRef[T]`]@java[`ActorRef<T>`] it is emitted as soon as there is demand from downstream
```
